[Merged by Bors] - Docs: New index page (#460)
stackabletech/nifi-operator: docs/modules/nifi/pages/index.adoc

= Stackable Operator for Apache NiFi
:description: The Stackable Operator for Apache NiFi is a Kubernetes operator that can manage Apache NiFi clusters. Learn about its features, resources, dependencies and demos, and see the list of supported NiFi versions.
:keywords: k8s, Kubernetes, Stackable Operator, Apache NiFi, open source, operator, data science, data exploration, big data

This Operator manages https://nifi.apache.org/[Apache NiFi] clusters on Kubernetes.

> Apache NiFi is an open-source data integration tool that provides a web-based interface for designing, monitoring, and managing data flows between various systems and devices, using a visual programming approach. It supports a wide range of data sources, formats, and features such as data provenance, security, and clustering.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Apache NiFi is an open-source data integration tool that provides a web-based interface for designing, monitoring and managing data flows between various systems and devices, using a visual programming approach. It supports a wide range of data sources, formats and features such as data provenance, security and clustering.
```

== Getting started

> Get started with Apache NiFi and the Stackable Operator by following the xref:getting_started/index.adoc[] guide. It will guide you through the xref:getting_started/installation.adoc[installation] processs and xref:getting_started/first_steps.adoc[connect] to the NiFi webinterface. Afterwards have a look at the xref:usage_guide/index.adoc[] to learn how to configure your NiFi instance to your needs or run some <<demos, demos>> to learn more about using NiFi with other components.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Get started with Apache NiFi and the Stackable Operator by following the xref:getting_started/index.adoc[] guide. It will guide you through the xref:getting_started/installation.adoc[installation] process and xref:getting_started/first_steps.adoc[connect] to the NiFi web interface. Afterwards have a look at the xref:usage_guide/index.adoc[] to learn how to configure your NiFi instance to your needs or run some <<demos, demos>> to learn more about using NiFi with other components.
```
